c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\10182\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Game.g.cs
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Table.g.cs
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\menu.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Game.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Table.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\menu.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Game.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Table.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\menu.baml
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Game.baml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Table.baml
C:\Users\10182\Desktop\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\menu.baml
